Make service catalog as a root chart (#1562)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/kyma/docs/038-inst-custom-service-catalog.md

---
title: Installation with custom Service Catalog deployment
type: Installation
---

You can use Kyma with a custom Service Catalog deployment. To enable such implementation, remove the Service Catalog from the list of components that install with Kyma.

## Prerequisites

- Service Catalog in version v0.1.28 or higher. To check the currently supported version of the Service Catalog, see [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/resources/service-catalog/charts/catalog/values.yaml) file.

> >**NOTE:** Follow [this](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/service-catalog/) quick start guide to learn how to install and configure Service Catalog on a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** Follow [this](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/service-catalog/) guide to learn how to install and configure the Service Catalog on a Kubernetes cluster.
```
